emir in the whore I say nicky true if you
they call and that's clear because you do not bring
something electoral or what a whore
first and you are my feelings and now
you treat me like servants and you're pepsi
coca cola what is the one called
ok no afternoons or degas put order by
here not only treated as slaves
all this time you have given much of what
talk but my name folha is so
easy it seems to me a bullshit that you do not
make out of the city friend already
another crap came that I command you víctor
to that the boludo hello hi miki me
said you needed a slave more in
your team not the truth not sure I do not
you know but I fuck you who
gave information you were my daughter today
your secret admirer good I'm leaving
everything has changed since you left
you know there are bitches here there is no respect
with telling you that the ortho day went to the
little shop in the corner and I bought some
gloves or the edition of the sonic in
counter striker and I came out
defective and good here are the
chescos already left half an hour ago but
what the hell where is that daughter of a bitch?
this was the seller of those gloves
I have something that you will like m / ma see it not
is that asshole I was there the night
where you left was in a
Fire ladder had very good
seen from there also good coverage
more good than movistar
then the fucking swat came to shit and
I fell to take for ass but
fortunately you saved for me not
it made sense someone played you a bad
play and now you need a better
coach to put everything in order
Look, I told you, we were almost discovered by you
sister piece of put that is not what
we were doing I talk that if ya
go away
Victor, what are you doing?
race more and will have the territories that
you good that's good he cleans his
reputation and step by step looks after my ass
works us both what you are
prostituting truth hahahaha not what
I'm prostituting I just know that we
we won a good pasta with you
worries
this race is won on the track
and
but what the hell want rob me going
aa no but if it's you what's up
start ok
what do we do here
I remember I was standing right there
I knew we were going to earn forgiveness that
you were going to win but suddenly they went from
your car looters
the guy throws me to the ground I was scared
and to top it off, a guy wanted to fuck me
in public
I could not or I could not escape so I gave you
the bag with the money if what you say
it's true and they changed the bag then
I do not know how it could have happened why
you did not tell me that the money was missing in
this moment we would have thousands of dollars
at this moment
the twins here are birds in the
wire
ay papaya de zelaya I already have new
gossip to tell nothing but to get away
and I'm running with my boyfriend, hector, hey
I just want to dance that's my dream
dear man if what you're looking for is
find out what happened maybe I can
help you
it was a great night that in a second
it forms a straw forgiveness in huge
and I tried to contain the calm if not
I would be left
but suddenly I saw my who on the floor
the truth is that I'd swear that time
that the rhythm had in the same bag
that she
I can help you I'm one of the best
minutes from the city and you know
go go a gift have come to
I know I'm trying to recover your
reputation to achieve it you will need
help is for that race of that
night there is something that does not close me
I was there
and I went through the race to keep an eye
the way everybody the whole galaxy
you spoke then passes out
everywhere
the alley cleared away they let go
then they dismantled everything is what it is
put today the question is that the one who
I leave today I already had police money in
summary the passengers had a blowtorch
and you burdened with him that simple
of simple ladies and horses what the
distances but we can also
keep busy
we married
in scale
all right
Y
yes